okay this is my update number two on the
on the poster here and the biggest thing
you can probably see is it now has not
the standard post II engine in it
anymore I have had it swapped out and
we've put a but I call o Y X 160 engine
but this one's actually been bought out
to a 190 and so I believe that it should
have over 20 horsepower but unsure yet
haven't had it on the dyno and seems to
go pretty good it can cruise along on
the cut on the road at about 90
kilometers an hour seems to be no
problem yesterday I give it a I tried to
want it out but I only got a just up to
100 which was a bit spiel and I thought
it might be a bit better than that but
anyway I'm sure it's only in the tuning
because it seems to go better everyday
and it's only bit fresh just yet and
I'll call melt it down the front there
and the oil put it on the side and I've
got a pod filter in there as you can
probably see I tried to use it with the
standard post II air filter but that
seemed to check it up and it went no
good um what else the engine came with a
standard 16 to it sprocket front which I
swapped down to a 14 which I think
actually might be a little bit too small
or if and a 15 would have been better
because I think it revs just a bit
harder and it does seem to sort of tap
out before much else happens and this is
the muffler it's only a look at people
like muffler and word of warning when
you have them sitting behind you
indicator might be better to do
something me it's a okay
Oh brand 30 millimeter flat slide car B
which I had a bit of a fiddle with the
Jets not much just yet and just put the
needle on to its full that's what's is
on the engine X Y X Y 160 but it's
actually as a 190 as I said new chain